Install Vagrant and VirtualBox.
Clone Slurm from github in the same folder where all of files from here are cloned. https://github.com/SchedMD/slurm.git

For the first call of vagrant up uncomment line 75-76 in the Vagrant file. And run "vagrant up" in terminal.
Run "vagrant up" twice inspite of errors or no errors.
Now comment out the lines 75-76 and run "vagrant up".
Now, the machines (controller, server1 and server2) should be up and running. Check with "vagrant status".

Connect to the controller with "vagrant ssh controller"
cd into /vagrant/slurm and run following commands one by one to install Slurm.
	1. ./configure
	2. make
	3. make install
	4. sudo slurmctld -D &
Check if the Slurmctld is running on controller by using "pstree"

Now exit from the controller and connect to server1 with "vagrant ssh server1"
On, both the servers Slurmd daemon should already start but can be checked with "pstree"
If Slurmd is not started however cd into /vagrant/slurm and run the following commands one by one.
	1. ./configure
	2. make
	3. make install
	4. slurmd start
Repeat the same for server2.

Now, connect back to controller and run "sinfo". The two server nodes should be idle and not down.
If they are down, reboot them by "sudo scontrol reboot all" from controller.

The two storages (hps and lps) should be created and mounted inside the server1 and server2 which should be visible by "ll".
If the two storages are not mounted to both the servers, open VirtualBox, go to server1 settings -> storage -> add hard disk -> choose existing disk and add hps and lps one by one.
Repeat the same for server2.
Check if the lps and hps is shareable by connecting to server1, creating a test file inside lps or hps and checking if it's visible when you connect to server2.

The bandwidth of both the storages can be checked with following commands:
	1. Connect to any server  "vagrant ssh server1"
	2. Check bandwith of one storage "sudo hdparm -t /dev/sdb"
	3. Check bandwidth of the other storage "sudo hdparm -t /dev/sdc"
One storage should be considerably slower than the other.












